Welcome back.
There are many types of RNN architectures.
Sometimes you're trying to build
the sentiment classifier for a tweet.
In that case,
you might use one type of model.
Another time, you might want to
generate a caption for an image, and
then you might want to use
a different architecture.
So there are many different types of
architectures, and in this video,
we will show you all the different types.
There are many different
types of tasks in AI.
Here, I'll group them according to
the nature of their inputs and outputs.
For instance, a one-to-one task
takes as input a set of low or
non-correlated features x, and
returns a single output y.
Say you had a list of scores
from your favorite team
in the European soccer tournament,
LaLiga Santander.
As inputs, you could have
a recurrent neural network that
predicted the position of
your team on the leaderboard.
However, notice that this recurrent
neural network isn't much different
from a conventional neural network.
It only has an additional hidden
state h superscript t subscript 0.
So for this type of task,
RNNs aren't all that useful.
But if you want a neural network
that takes an arbitrary image and
generates a caption describing
the contents of that image in English,
in this case, a brown puppy,
you can build an RNN.
This type of task is known as one-to-many,
because your RNN takes a single image and
generates multiple words to describe it.
Another type of task is many-to-one.
You may already be familiar with
one practical example of this type,
sentiment analysis.
In that instance,
if you have a sequence of words,
like this tweet that says,
I'm very happy as input, and
your model should output whether the tweet
has a negative or positive sentiment.
Your RNN would take every word from
the sequence as inputs in different steps,
propagate information from the beginning
to the end, and output the sentiment.
Finally, many-to-many tasks involve
multiple inputs and multiple outputs.
For example, in machine translation,
you have a sequence of words in French.
You want to get its equivalent in
another language, such as English.
An RNN would do well for
this task, because they propagate
information from the beginning to end.
And this is what makes them able
to capture the general meaning
of word sequences.
This particular architecture,
encoder-decoder, is very popular for
machine translation.
The first part of this neural network
doesn't return any output, y hat, and
is called an encoder.
Because it encodes sequences of words
in a single representation that
captures the overall
meaning of the sentence,
that is decoded later to a sequence
of words in the other language.
RNNs are powerful architectures,
this can be used to solve
a lot of interesting problems.
In NLP, there are multiple applications
where recurrent neural networks
are useful, such as machine
translation and caption generation.
You can think of RNNs as versatile tools
that can be shaped
according to the situation.
Depending on the task
you're trying to solve,
you can choose one of these architectures.
In the next video, I'll talk about
a simple recurrent neural network, and
then you can apply it to
all these architectures.